hey what up YouTube and last video if I
posted um
I showed you my booster box the base
booster box the green wing Charizard
version and I said before that I was
shadowless well after further expecting
the box I have come to the conclusion
that it is not shadowless so I will not
be opening this because it is way way
way more valuable than then an opened
box because all the packs on the inside
are unlimited so having this is pretty
rare having a green wing waiting
Charizard in general but it's worth
noting if I open it because I mean
unlimited packs are are worth not nearly
as much as shadowless pegs so I won't be
opening it I will tell you how I know
it's unlimited though here
I have um I bought these a few months
ago and so this isn't unlimited pack the
way you can tell between a shadows pack
and then I'm limited panic is the
trading card game here is I'm on a
shadows pack is down here right above
the 1111 additional card game I mean 11
additional game cards and there's like a
little tiny picture next to it it's kind
of weird-looking so this is down here
from shadowless it's up here
for unlimited and every other pack that
counted oh it was on like from then on
the trading card game is a right below
the Pokemon but for shadowless in first
position base it's below now after
checking my box out I came out I found
the these packs weren't limited because
see if I can show you so up here it was
already like this I didn't I didn't
break this seal it I mean the seal is
not broken um as you can see if I press
down on this I can do that so what I did
was I just got the light in on here as
much as I could and I wonder if you can
see it on camera press this down okay
see if I can hold I'm sorry trying to
see this so if you guys ever buy a green
ring Charizard version you can know if
it's shadowless or not but see the
yellow right there that's where the
Pokemon is of the pegs and then down
here let's see if I can get this to
focus better come on I know you can
stupid camera
well there's the red
as bright as it possibly can but you got
to believe me there's right here there's
a little tiny bit of red where you can
see that it says Pokemon Trading Card
Game
so the Pokemon and then you see the
trading card game right underneath it so
these pics are indeed on the unlimited
packs on the inside even though the box
has the three main Charizard and Venus
or with the just a plain background
instead of green and blue background but
yeah I hope that's some helpful tips for
anyone who buys one of these boxes to do
what I just did for a trick to see if
they are indeed shadows packs on the
inside because I have watched a video
recently on YouTube where a guy having
his boxes and he was convinced it was
shadowless and he opened it up and they
weren't so yeah
hope that video was helpful I have
another triumph in booster box coming in
the mail and I'll probably be opening
that and I also plan on buying a
platinum base and the rising rebels base
I mean a platinum ya base booster box
and a rising rivals booster bugs or to
raising rifles I really want to freakin
luxray I'll get to them another day
though so yeah later